hello and thank you for deciding
spend this time with me today we
we want to bring to your attention a new
multi- pack okay then
from alpha bio snow working out
new packaging for implants we
strove for simplicity and convenience
similar to other packages
implants company alpha bio tech
implant closure wins visible
outside through transparent packaging
material on the side as you see posted
sticker with information to make
patient card and it is
inside the container itself on the bottom
container pasted speaker with information about
You size of implants outside
carton package opens if
pull on this tab are not Vladimi
the dream container was and hermetically sealed
sealed to its contents
remained strong get sterile
dishes from the inner container
unscrew the ampoules and remove the plastic
bracket
plastic bracket fastened
implant holders and closing bandage
in the implant holder are fixed simply
not
that with amv ova walls and others
installation components due to new
plant holder design allows
perform preset
implant in many ways and you can
choose the most convenient option for you
novelty machine for functional packaging
are that it allows
pre-install
vlada so without touching his hands with
using the frame of the corner tip can
remove implant from plastic
bracket unique holder
implants tightly attached to the implant
water allows you to safely install
implant at the end of what
well you can use reversible
key or surgical fix
hex head tool
implant holder and start
I install
alternatively you can perform
with the installation of fingers and start
just separate and implant holder
plastic
install the implant manually and how to be
the closing screw is securely fastened
in a plastic bracket and it can
easy to remove with
orthopedic key from
so you can repeat the implant
install in several ways on
contra plan tips with
reversing key or two different
wall screwdrivers want by hand
innovation packaging innovation
The concept is simple and convenient to apply.
new prostate childhood many
level in alphabeat implantation so